About myself:
I am very enthusiastic and passionate towards my career and goals
and I am currently pursuing my bachelor's degree. I am studying
yet but I am very excited to work and gain more skills and job
experience. And i am very interested in IT courses and learned few
courses which will be more important in future.
I am very motivated electronics and communication engineering
student and i am very happy in learning different softwares. Like in
circuit making NI multisim software and for coding in keil u vision.
I am maintaining positive attitude and focusing on my career to
make my dreams true. And my biggest support are my parents
who encouraged in every situation and given me freedom to utilize
opportunities and to achieve my goals.

Experience:
Vellore Institute of Technology
Student
Bharat Intern
Ex-Full Stack Developer
November 2023 - Present (4 months)
CodeClause
Ex-Content writer intern
December 2023 - Present (3 months)
Intern ID- CC70661
Maven Silicon
Ex-VLSI Design intern
September 2023 - Present (6 months)

Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Cloud computing intern
August 2023 - Present (7 months)
I am very happy to work as cloud computing intern at AMAZON and I am
learning various services offered by Amazon and apply it through by work.

NPTEL
Ex-Training of trainers 
July 2023 - Present (8 months)

SVCET -Sri Venkateshwaraa college of engineering and technology
Research Analyst
April 2022 - Present (1 year 11 months)

Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh, India
Coding Samurai

Ex-Web Development Intern
October 2023 - November 2023 (2 months)

I am happy to start a new position as intern at ️coding samurai as web
developer. I believe that i can learn more skills and industry experience from
this internship. And utilise the opportunity of learning course and apply to
upgrade my skills and also to maintain my professional development.

Education: 
Vellore Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Electronics and communication engineering
 · (July 2021 - July 2025)

Sri Chaitanya College of Education
12th standard , PCM · (March 2018 - March 2020)

Sri chaitanya techno school, Anantapur
10th standard , 10th standard 

Certifications:
Accenture North America - Data
Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation
Excel basic to advanced
Web development for beginners 
Blockchain and cryptocurrency
ChatGPT for beginners

Top Skills:
Java advanced
Python (Programming Language)
Human Resources (HR)

Languages:
Telugu (Full Professional)
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Full Professional)

Publications:
Voice assistants - FUTURE OF INTERACTION 
Visit my research paper : https://www.researchgate.net/publication/374295234_21BEC0852_short_research_article_1

Contact:
anjumkhattewalenaizya@gmail.com (Mail) 
www.linkedin.com/in/khattewaleanjum-0a5b44230 (LinkedIn)
instagram.com/anjum2k4
(Personal)
github.com/21BEC0852 (Personal)
linkedin.com/comm/mynetwork/
discovery-see-all (Personal)
